hi I'm Dan Conklin aquarium supervisor
at SeaWorld Orlando
today's scene was releasing this 93
panel loggerhead sea turtle and you have
the opportunity to come with us this see
total came to us back in December it was
a very thin lethargic and overall very
weak what happened was he was impacted
with shell hash and who wasn't able to
eat after we cleared out the shell hash
and gave it a round of antibiotics he
was able to swim normally and today
we're actually release him back into the
wall is a strong healthy sea turtle
so we're here at Cape Canaveral National
Seashore on the beach ready to release
this loggerhead sea turtle now this
particular guy has some flipper tags on
and the reason we do that is so that it
takes you up again somewhere we'll know
the history of this sea turtle these
guys going to get close to 350 pounds
maybe more and they can live 50 or more
years to protect sea turtles you can
help by not putting trash in the water
like this plastic bag this looks a lot
like food to a sea turtle maybe a
jellyfish you can also keep fishing line
out of the water and can also be careful
what kind of hooks you use use circle
style hooks as opposed to j cell hooks
will hook a lot less sea turtles with
circle style
today we actually release a loggerhead
back into the antic ocean but some sea
turtles have injuries so severe it can't
be released back in the wild and those
cases see what is actually able to
provide a caring home for the sea
turtles you can actually see some of
these sea turtles at sea world's to
turtle-trick opening April 27 t-wolves
rescue and rehabilitation program is on
call 24 hours a day 365 days a year when
we're rescuing rehabilitating Turtles I
feel I can make a difference in a
positive impact whether it's a hatchling
or an adult it feels real good to take a
debilitated turtle peel it and get it
back into the ocean
you